This is David Rice singing a song he learned from his father, Benjamin F. Rice, that he learned over 50 years ago.
The date today is May the 5th, June the 5th, 1939.
Twas a cold stormy night in winter, and the wind blew across the wild moor.
For Mary came along with a babe in her arms, and she stood by her own father's door.
Oh, father, dear father, she cried, come down, please, and open the door, or the babe in my arms will perish and die by the wind that sweeps o'er the wild moor.
The old man being deaf to her cries, not one sound of her voice reached his ear.
But the dogs they did bark, and the village bells tolled, by the wind that sweeps o'er the wild moor.
Oh, what did the old man think when he came to the door in the morn?
Poor Mary was dead, but the babe still alive, closely pressed in its dead mother's arms.
The old man in grief pined away And the child to its mother went soon.
And no one, they say, has lived there till this day And the cottage to ruins has gone.
The villagers point out the spot where the willows droop over the door
There Mary died, once the gay village bride, by the wind that sweeps o'er the wild moor